After searching for a long time, it turns out that the murderer is your wife?
Don't get excited! The teacher's wife can't be the murderer!
Colleague! Why did the car explode as soon as she got out of the car?
I remember! Your wife just got out of the car earlier!
Don’t ever have a car explode! Maybe my old friend is concerned!
Who else could it be if she wasn't her! They've all been found out!
The murderer’s target is Mrs. Ma! If your wife gets out of the car!
How could she blow up Boss Ma to death? How about waiting for you to take the next step?
Another attempt to kill the horse! Chengyao is my wife!
There must be some clues at home! Take care!
How about working as a nurse in Tianji Hospital?
I knew she worked in a hospital before,
But I didn't expect she was there
Disciplinary officer that day
Could it be that the master’s wife is really a murderer?
How could she be the murderer?
She is another target of the murderer